Small README clarification (#37)
g4s8/mime: README.md

and `json` subtype. Some MIME types has additional parameters, e.g. `text/plain; encoding=utf-8` has
`charset` param with `utf-8` value.

> For all these entities there are related method exist. To construct MIME parser use `new MimeTypeOfString` constructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all these entities there are related method exist. To construct MIME parser use `MimeType.of` function:
```
